Update the Contributor guide, architecture diagram and presentation videos (#1269)
vitessio/website: content/en/docs/contributing/code-reviews.md

If you want to receive notifications even when you aren't mentioned, you can go to the [repository page](https://github.com/vitessio/vitess) and click *Watch*.

## Reviewing a Pull Request

> The [Vitess bot](https://github.com/apps/vitess-bot) will comment a check-list on every pull request which contains a list of things to verify as a reviewer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Vitess bot](https://github.com/apps/vitess-bot) will add a comment with a review check-list on every pull request.
```

Author: Fixed

> The reviews should go through this list and mark the items as checked as they go along. If anything is incomplete, changes to the PR can be requested until 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reviewers should go through this list and mark the items as checked as they go along. If anything is incomplete, changes to the PR can be requested until 
```

Author: Fixed

> all the points on the checklist are satisfied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
all the items on the checklist are satisfied.
```

Reviewer: You have `check-list` once and `checklist` here. For the sake of consistency, you should choose one of the two and use the same in both places.

Author: Fixed. I went with `checklist`.
